Add note to MNTP article (#6247)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-umbraco-property-editors/multinode-treepicker.md

See the example below to see how a value can be added or changed programmatically. To update a value of a property editor you need the [Content Service](../../../../reference/management/services/contentservice/).

> :::note
> The example below demonstrates how to add values programmatically using a Razor view. However, this is used for illustrative purposes only and is not the recommended method for production environments.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
The example below demonstrates how to add values programmatically using a Razor view. However, this is used for illustrative purposes only and is not the recommended method for production environments.
{% endhint %}
```
